0 Y Therefore, we would like to give $50,000.
0 Y The $15,000 will be given to you as soon as you sign.
0 Y The net gain is $35,000.
0 Y We would be delighted to pay as much as $500.
0 N It will cost you $1.
0 N Please pay has the required $100.
0 N In the end, you will owe $25,000.
0 N We are asking for a payment of $40 / month.
0 N Our service fee is a mere $50.

1 Y We would like to make a large donation.
1 Y The money will go directly into your bank account.
1 Y We are happy to give a large downpayment.
1 Y Please accept our donation for the worthy cause.
1 Y Hopefully our money finds its way to your account quickly!
1 Y Look the other way and we will send the money immediately.
1 N It will only require a small monthly fee.
1 N We are offended you thought our services were free.
1 N Like all startups, we require a small initial investment.
1 N Our services are not cheap, as you may imagine. Be prepared to pay.
1 N The small fee you pay for our services will be negligible after you see the results.
1 N Your money will be put to good use, we promise!
1 N You have plenty of extra cash; why not throw some our way?
1 N Pay us now and your kindness won`t be forgotten.

2 Y Your total profit is $55,000 - $32,000.
2 Y The money will be deposited as soon as you agree to the deal. We would love to stock our offices with your supplies and would be more than happy to pay twice the market price to secure fast delivery.
2 Y The large donation will be wired directly into your bank account. We appreciate your business and would like to show our thanks. However, management requires a simple signature to authorize the transaction.
2 Y The matter is urgent. Please have the products we wish to buy available by the weekend. Time is of the essence.
2 Y We thank you in advance for the services you will be providing. Your prices are reasonable and the transaction should go over smoothly with the shareholders.
2 Y As a side effect of the deal, it is very likely you will find a larger Christmas bonus, if you get our drift.
2 N There are not any words to express how much we believe you should make this investment. You will not regret it!
2 N The deal is nearly complete. Besides, it won`t cost you THAT much...
2 N Please ignore the startup fee. It is miniscule in comparison to the benefits you will receive.
2 N In essence, our solution will bring equality to both companies. For the small fee of $50,000, our specialized agents will provide training to boost the overall efficiency of your workplace, which is a priceless commodity, after all.

3 Y We must warn you, however: despite the money you will save, this operation will be costly towards your employees` happiness. Many companies are unwilling to make this sacrifice.
3 Y It`s too bad you were unwilling to sign earlier. The boss will not be happy with me at all. Would you change your mind if I sweetened the pot a little? With, say, an early bonus?
3 Y We regret to inform you that our client has requested the termination of the employee whom he worked with last week. We understand if you are reluctant to comply, so the client is generously offering you a large sum to look the other way.
3 Y Money makes the world go `round. Seriously, money is fantastic. I love money. If I could, I would marry it. I`m not even kidding. I really hope you appreciate how much it hurts me to give you some of my money, but that`s exactly what I am offering!
3 Y My daughter`s birthday is on Saturday, and she wants a magician. Imagine that! Anyway, I heard one of your workers knows a magic trick or two. Send him over here a 5:00 PM and I will pay whatever price you demand.
3 N This is a huge sum of money we are discussing, so please be aware that we do not make this request lightly. However, we believe that you will be paid back tenfold in the productivity increase your office will experience.
3 N You will be charged $500 - $198 - $3.
3 N The health care plan will be immediately improved. We just need a small signature. And $50.
3 N We cannot believe you refused our earlier proposal. In fact, we are outraged. It was a once-in-a-lifetime offer. Your employees would be much more comfortable at the workplace, and the fee we requested was insignificant. Please reconsider!
3 N Your gains will be enormous. Our company is sure to succeed and your monetary investment in us will bring you great fame. Of course, our respect for you will also increase dramtically.